docs: Update keychain info (#1803)
libp2p/js-libp2p: doc/CONFIGURATION.md

| Name      | Type     | Description                                                                            |
| --------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| pass      | `string` | Passphrase to use in the keychain (minimum of 20 characters).                          |

> | dek      | `DEKConfig` | [Info here](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-keychain)                            |

Reviewer: We may want to include a bit more details here such as:

```suggestion
| dek      | `DEKConfig` | the default options for generating the derived encryption key, which, along with the passphrase are input to the PBKDF2 function. For more info see: https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-keychain  |
```

  ],
  keychain: {
    pass: 'notsafepassword123456789',
  },

>   datastore

Reviewer: We now use `MemoryDatastore` from the https://www.npmjs.com/package/datastore-core package, could you update this accordingly?

Author: I changed it to `import { FsDatastore } from "datastore-fs";` as the purpose of including a datastore was to write to disc. MemoryDatastore only seem to be in memory. It that ok?

Author: Perhaps off topic, but, what is really the the difference here, "datastore-level" will use a datastore-interface wrapper around "classic-level", which in turn is a c++  lib with node bindings. "datastore-fs" instead relies on just javascript and Node APIs, functionality wise they are the same, but they might store things differently on disc?  Why is one preferred over another?

Author: yeap, makes sense!
